Update Radxa CM3 IO Board and Radxa CM3S IO Board (#256)
radxa-docs/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/accessories/cm3-io-board.md

---
sidebar_label: "Radxa CM3 IO Board"
sidebar_position: 80
---

# Radxa CM3 IO Board

# Introduction

> Radxa CM3 IO Board is an IO interface board used to validate the functionality of Radxa CM3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radxa CM3 IO Board is the baseboard for Radxa CM3. It is suitable for product evaluation and early stage product development.
```
